Please debug and fix all errors and warnings in the project to ensure the app is ready for production.

📌 Core Fixes Required:
Zod Validation Error:

The POST request to /api/admin/users is missing required fields, specifically the pin field.

Ensure that the request body parser (express.json() and express.urlencoded({ extended: true })) is correctly configured and that the frontend or API call correctly sends the pin and all required fields in the body.

Improve error handling to provide clearer feedback if fields are missing.

Example schema:

typescript
Copy
Edit
const userSchema = z.object({
  pin: z.string().min(4).max(4), // must be exactly 4 digits
  displayName: z.string().min(1)
});
Ensure Proper Request Data:

Validate that the form or API correctly sends the JSON payload with the Content-Type: application/json header.

Example:

json
Copy
Edit
{ "pin": "1234", "displayName": "Admin" }
Missing Environment Variables:

Add TELEGRAM_API_ID and TELEGRAM_API_HASH to your .env file.

If these are optional for now, update your dotenv load logic to handle missing variables gracefully or log a warning without stopping the app.

Browserslist Warning:

Run the following command to update caniuse-lite:

bash
Copy
Edit
npx update-browserslist-db@latest
This is a non-breaking warning, but it’s recommended to clear it for a clean production build.

User Creation Error Flow:

Improve the user creation logic to:

Return more user-friendly error messages.

Prevent empty submissions.

Properly handle missing or malformed request bodies.

Example:

typescript
Copy
Edit
if (!req.body.pin) {
  return res.status(400).json({ message: "PIN is required" });
}
Improve API Logging:

Show incoming request bodies clearly for easier debugging.

Log the success/failure of each operation with status codes.

Session and Authentication Hardening:

Make sure sessions and tokens are stored per user and that no session leakage is possible.

Add session timeout and manual logout support.

✔️ Deliverables:
Fully functional user creation API.

Fixed validation with clear error handling.

Correct .env handling.

Browserslist updated.

Production-ready backend with stable request parsing.

User-friendly error responses.

Logging cleaned for production (remove unnecessary debug logs).